README.md, before:


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Crypto-Catalogue

Crypto-Catalogue is an app made with React and Redux, and its purpose is to fetch data for various cryptocurrencies from https://www.coingecko.com/en/api/documentation api and you can also filter data to get a specific coin.

## Home page

![](./src/image/home.png)

## Category Page

![](./src/image/category.png)

## CoinDetails Page

![](./src/image/coindetails.png)

## Built With

- Javascript
- React
- Redux
- Node
- HTML
- CSS

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Clone the repo git@github.com:Oxford-G/crypto-catalogue.git
- cd into the root directory
- `npm install` - This will install all the packages in the package.json file
- `npm start` - This will run the app locally in the local environment

## Live link

[live link](https://oxy-crypto-app.herokuapp.com/)

## Author

👤 **Enekwechi Chinonso Gerald**

- GitHub: [@Oxford-G](https://github.com/Oxford-G)
- Twitter: [@OXFORD2](https://twitter.com/OXFOXD2)
- Linkedin: [Enekwechi Chinonso G](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chinonso-enekwechi)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To Microverse for their `README` template.

## 📝 License

MIT License Copyright (c) 2021 Andres Ortegon Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE

Commit message:

add test method in readme

README.md, after:


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Crypto-Catalogue

Crypto-Catalogue is an app made with React and Redux, and its purpose is to fetch data for various cryptocurrencies from https://www.coingecko.com/en/api/documentation api and you can also filter data to get a specific coin.

## Home page

![](./src/image/home.png)

## Category Page

![](./src/image/category.png)

## CoinDetails Page

![](./src/image/coindetails.png)

## Built With

- Javascript
- React
- Redux
- Node
- HTML
- CSS

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Clone the repo git@github.com:Oxford-G/crypto-catalogue.git
- cd into the root directory
- `npm install` - This will install all the packages in the package.json file
- `npm start` - This will run the app locally in the local environment
- `npm run test` - This will test the app locally in the local environment

## Live link

[live link](https://oxy-crypto-app.herokuapp.com/)

## Author

👤 **Enekwechi Chinonso Gerald**

- GitHub: [@Oxford-G](https://github.com/Oxford-G)
- Twitter: [@OXFORD2](https://twitter.com/OXFOXD2)
- Linkedin: [Enekwechi Chinonso G](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chinonso-enekwechi)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To Microverse for their `README` template.

## 📝 License

MIT License Copyright (c) 2021 Andres Ortegon Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
